[docs] Update Display page (#20179)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/standards/display.mdx

/// mint their Hero. Shows how to initialize the `Publisher` and how
/// to use it to get the `Display<Hero>` object - a way to describe a
/// type for the ecosystem.

> module examples::my_hero;

Reviewer: Would be nice to have all this code in the `examples` folder. Will make a separate ticket for that.

use std::string::String;

// The creator bundle: these two packages often go together.
use sui::package;
use sui::display;

/// The Hero - an outstanding collection of digital art.
public struct Hero has key, store {
    id: UID,
    name: String,
    image_url: String,
}

/// One-Time-Witness for the module.
public struct MY_HERO has drop {}

> /// In the module initializer one claims the `Publisher` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// Claim the `Publisher` object in the module initializer 
```
